logcat info update (#162)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: i18n/be/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/adguard-for-android/solving-problems/logcat.md

---

> title: How to get the system logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to get system logs
```

sidebar_position: 4
---

> ## General Instruction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## General instruction
```

> For troubleshooting problems with crashes a regular log may not be enough. In such cases to identify the origin of the problem we need the system log. Below is the instruction how to collect and get it: via Developer Options and Logcat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting problems with crashes regular logs may not be enough. In such cases to identify the origin of the problem we need system logs. Below is the instruction how to collect them: via Developer Options and Logcat. 
```
системные логи нужны именно для проблем с вылетом приложения? если не только, я бы не стала уточнять и просто сказала: иногда/для устранения некоторых неполадок обычных логов недостаточно, нужны системные

![Bug report *mobile](https://cdn.adtidy.org/public/Adguard/kb/newscreenshots/En/Android3.1/bugreporten.png)

> 3. Select the type of bug report you want and tap **Report**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the type of the bug report you want and tap **Report**. 
```

> ## Additional Instruction (for old Android versions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional instruction (for old Android versions)
```
хорошо бы уточнить, с какой версии начинаются старые

4. Increase **Logger buffer** sizes to 4MB per log buffer.

> 4MB should be enough for storing the logs we need until you're able to do the second part (getting the log from the device);

Reviewer: единицы измерения и числа разделяем пробелом

> 4MB should be enough for storing the logs we need until you're able to do the second part (getting log from the device);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4MB should be enough for storing the logs we need until you're able to do the second part (getting the log from the device);
```

> **Important:** you need to reproduce the problem after you've done with the first part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** you need to reproduce the problem after you're done with the first part.
```

> 

Reviewer: лишняя пустая строка

**Part #2: get the log**

> 1. Connect your device to PC with USB cable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect your device to a PC with a USB cable.
```

2. Download [Android SDK Platform Tools](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools#downloads). Choose the appropriate download link for your OS from the Downloads section. Once you click the link, a ZIP file will be downloaded. You can extract the ADB (Android Debug Bridge) files from the ZIP file and store them wherever you want.

3. Open the Command Prompt, PowerShell or Terminal and enter the directory where you unzipped the file earlier. The command may look like this:

`cd C:\Program Files\platform-tools`

4. Test whether ADB is working properly: connect your Android device to your computer using a USB cable and run the following command:

`./adb devices`

5. Then run the following command (insert the relevant path):

`./adb logcat -v threadtime -d > C:\Program Files\platform-tools\logs.txt` 

> Send the created `txt` file to us by contacting support or by any other way.

Reviewer: а каким ещё способом? как-то непонятно

`./adb logcat -v threadtime -d > C:\Program Files\platform-tools\logs.txt` 

> Send the created `txt` file to our support team via email (support@adguard.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email the created `txt` file to our support team at support@adguard.com.
```
